Repository-Definition A place where things are, or may be stored. Modem and Router. What are they? A modem is a device that makes internet access possible. The transmitter of data from a computer through the telephone wire. A router has an IP address. A transfer of data between two points on a network. Do you need both devices to get online? The answer is yes. A laptop is a device just like a desktop. Laptops have a tendency to fold. Desktops do not fold. I have yet to see a desktop that folds. Desktops that fold are called, "laptops". I can't believe I had to look up the definition of a router and modem. I wonder how many people with these devices actually know what they really are, what they really do? That's where I come in. CompTIA A+ certified. IT people. Helpdesk, Desktop support. Entry level. The next step is to figure out what kind of operating system am I working with. Ah, let's see. This is a google Chromebook. Word on the streets is that Chromebook doesn't run on Windows. Maybe I heard someone says Linex had something to do with it. TO be completely honest with you, I don't think I have ever worked with Linux. I'm sure that out there somewhere there is some guy or gal saying to themselves, "what?" but yes, I have never worked with Linux before. I'm not even sure if this country still uses that OS anymore. maybe they do, maybe they don't. What else am I left with after that? ROM,RAM, graphic card, SVA? how many gigs, how many bits, does it measure in pixels? One of these says I WILL have the answer.
# Christoher-Gil
